FINAL PROJECT REPORT CONTRIBUTIONS: 
Tommy Tilton: Throughout the project I worked on the back-end with Aaditya creating the initial E/R design and relational schema. We created the sql create and php load files that got data from the JSON based API from MySportsFeed. For the last milestone, I helped Juan finalize the SQL commands to query our PostgreSQL database for desired information from the search bar, passing in first name, last name, and team name to get information on players. I also helped with figuring out what type of connection we would use between front end and back end, ultimately deciding to run everything to off of the apache server. Wrote our app description and the setup files. 

Aaditya Jain: My primary role in the project was to develop the backend systems with Tommy. That meant setting up the postgresql database using a sql create file to create our two tables and then utilizing PHP to create scripts to parse through our API calls to load player and team data into our tables. Since the last milestone, by which we had completed our database, I modified the database schema to reduce redundancy, implement foreign key constraint, create an update protocol for when we reload player and team data, and added in image URLs for both players (using a php script again for the API call) and teams (manually in a php script). Additionally, I worked with Tommy and Brittany to try to find a way to connect our front end to our backend while preserving Vue but this proved unfeasible. Lastly, I finalized our E/R schema, wrote up our database table explanations, and data assumptions. 

Jason Beck: Worked alongside Juan and Brittany throughout the project in terms of project design and front-end planning. We worked on the initial Vue website and helped transform to jQuery in order to communicate with back-end. Researched HTML and Bootstrap components and designs to put into the website, finalized front-end design with Juan and Brittany, helped create the player and team icons and organization of statistical information, the presentation of query results, worked to connect website requests with server, and helped with final files and init

Brittany Williams: Throughout the project, I predominantly worked on the front end with Juan and Jason.  This included learning how to use Bootstrap, jQuery, and PHP.  Specifically, I helped design the web app, created the layout for full individual player stats and full team stats, and mapped query key terms to their backend variables.  I did a lot of research on dynamically creating queries with jQuery and into formatting the webapp using Bootstrap.  Additionally, after much research and trial and error, I connected the front and backend with help from Prof. Jun.  

Juan Bermudez: I have led the front-end team, delegating to Brittany and Jason, and have interfaced with Tommy and Aaditya to connect to the backend. Originally i was planning on using Vue.js, but this ended up not being feasible because of the connection that Brittany set up. I have created all the .php files that connect to the front-end through ajax. I created the player and team card templates, and I created the SQL calls with Aaditya and Tommy. I made the search bar for both the teams view and players view. I made the comparator search for both the teams view and the players view. I wrote most of the functions we’ve used.